add a note about user error stop the clickpipe instance (#2259)
ClickHouse/clickhouse-docs: docs/en/integrations/data-ingestion/clickpipes/index.md

  ![View overview](./images/cp_overview.png)

> **Error table**: ClickPipes will create a table next to your destination table with the postfix `_clickpipes_error`. This table will contain any errors from the operations of your ClickPipe (network, connectivity, etc.) and also any data that don't conform to the schema specified in the previous screen. The error table has a [TTL](https://clickhouse.com/docs/en/engines/table-engines/mergetree-family/mergetree#table_engine-mergetree-ttl) of 7 days. If ClickPipes cannot connect to a data source or destination after 15min., ClickPipes instance stops and  stores an appropriate message in the error table (providing the ClickHouse instance is available).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Error table**: ClickPipes will create a table next to your destination table with the postfix `_clickpipes_error`. This table will contain any errors from the operations of your ClickPipe (network, connectivity, etc.) and also any data that does not conform to the schema specified in the previous screen. The error table has a [TTL](https://clickhouse.com/docs/en/engines/table-engines/mergetree-family/mergetree#table_engine-mergetree-ttl) of 7 days. If ClickPipes cannot connect to the data source after 15 minutes or the destination after 1 hour, the ClickPipes instance stops and stores an error in the error table (providing the ClickHouse instance is available).
```

2. add the custom role to ClickPipes user on step `Details and Settings` during the ClickPipes creation.
![Assign a custom role](./images/cp_custom_role.png)

## Error handling

> ### Kafka

Reviewer: Do we need this if it's the same message as above?
